[cackles]
My darkness will swallow the
world, just you wait and see!
You think I'll lose to you?
I'm gonna be
King of the Pirates!
Roger's treasure belongs to me!
[NARRATOR] All pirates searching
for the treasure One Piece
must brave the second half
of the Grand Line.
These wild and dangerous seas
are known as the New World.
Gold Roger and his crew
were the only men to ever
chart these waters and
learn all the secrets they held.
For the rest of the
pirates in the world,
this has proven to be
the end of the road.
A graveyard of dreams.
[NARRATOR] Now, Monkey D. Luffy,
a boy whose body became rubber
after eating the Gum Gum Fruit,
sets sail into the New World
with his faithful crew.
I'm gonna be the
King of the Pirates!
[NARRATOR] In order to defeat
one of the Four Emperors
of the New World, the Straw Hats
form an alliance with Law.
Their current objective is to
destroy a man-made
Devil Fruit Factory in the
kingdom of Dressrosa.
Soon, Luffy becomes
sidetracked by
a tournament with the
Flame Flame Fruit as a prize.
[CROWD cheering]
[GYATS] The arena has been
completely littered with
the unconscious bodies
of once-mighty warriors.
All thanks to the clashing wills
of these final two fighters!
But it begs the question,
what did we just witness?
[CHIN JAO chuckles] So you wield
the Conqueror's Haki as well?
But what sort of king could
you ever hope to be, huh?
[LUFFY]
King of the Pirates!
[CHIN JAO]
What a bunch of rubbish!
Don't you know there
are countless souls
in the New World who
can wield such power?
The only way to determine
who deserves the title
is a battle amongst you all.
And at the end of it, you'd
find the strongest warrior
amongst a legion of Conquerers!
Only then can one be
called King of the Pirates!
[LUFFY grunts]
Now, tell me before I kill you.
Who taught you Haki?
Rayleigh did!
[CHIN JAO]
So, he's still alive.
How irksome!
[CHIN JAO]
Enough talk!
I'm sick of
dredging up the past!
[GYATS] Chin Jao manages to land
a powerful kick against Lucy!
Even though he's retired, the
strength of the Happosui Army's
12th commander hasn't
diminished with age!
Huh? What?!
[CHIN JAO crying]
[CHIN JAO] Give me back my
treasure, Straw Hat!
Indeed, I may gaze
upon its splendor,
but it lies forever waiting,
just beyond my reach.
So close, yet so far!
A living hell!
[wailing]
[GYATS]
What's going on?!
It appears this legendary pirate
is bawling his eyes out!
[BOO]
Sai.
I thought the plan was
for you to win the match.
I wasn't worthy enough
to move to the finals.
But trust me,
once Grandpa gets going, no
one can stand in his way!
[crying]
They called me, "Chin Jao the
Drill" because at one time,
my head possessed an
extraordinary shape.
And so I ask you,
do you have any clue what
pain Garp inflicted on me?
For the millionth time,
how should I know?
Maybe you truly are ignorant
and don't know the
sins of your family,
but since you're his grandson,
I can't let you walk away!
[CHIN JAO growls]
[CHIN JAO] It may have
been thirty years ago,
but I'm filled with rage
like it was yesterday!
[CHIN JAO yelling]
[GYATS] Don Chin Jao's
tears have stopped
and his fists are flying!
I want to hear you say it!
Admit that I was wronged
with your dying breath!
That fiend!
He took away my treasure!
[wailing]
[GYATS]
And the waterworks are back!
I wish this geezer
would make up his mind.
You can be mad or you can cry,
but pick one and stick with it!
[KIN'EMON, SANJI panting]
[TOWNSPEOPLE shouting]
[MAN C] Take him out,
Lucy! Now's your chance!
[KIN'EMON]
Uh. It's Sir Luffy!
Why can't that boy ever seem to
keep his nose outta trouble?
All right, Sanji.
I say we go to the Toy House,
rescue Kanjuro, and deal
with this situation later!
And I wanna help you with that,
but I'm afraid it's
gonna have to wait.
Looks like we got
a minor setback.
[KIN'EMON]
Hm?
Tons of Marines.
Looks like they're trying
to surround the coliseum.
[KIN'EMON]
So many! To what end?
[SANJI] Seems like there's an
issue of pirates and criminals
openly competing in the
tournament.
The Navy's gonna scoop 'em up
as soon as they leave the arena.
Well, a society can
only properly operate
if criminals are apprehended.
[KIN'EMON groans]
You do realize you're
working with pirates
and of them is
standing right here?
Ah, yes. Forgive me.
We have to find
some way to warn Luffy
about the situation out here.
But the entrance gate
is so heavily guarded
there's no way
we can get in! Uh!
[BASTILLE] What're you all
doing standing around?
[BASTILLE]
You mean to tell me
not a single contestant
has left the Colosseum?
No, Sir! Not yet!
[BASTILLE]
I find that hard to believe
since there were hundreds
of losers from Block A and B.
They should have
already poured out by now.
[MARINE A]
It's very strange.
[MARINE OFFICER A] Vice
Admiral Maynard went undercover
as a competitor,
but we haven't been
able to contact him.
He just had to
charge in on his own.
A rookie mistake.
Whatever's going on inside,
it's got the stench of
corruption all over it.
There are two special
laws here in Dressrosa.
Rules that have
been strictly observed
since Doflamingo's
reign began a decade ago.
What makes 'em special?
I'll tell you.
First, there's a kingdom-wide
curfew at midnight.
No citizen is allowed
outside after twelve.
[FRANKY]
What?! Not even grownups?!
[TOY SOLDIER] Humans have
to return to their homes
and toys back to
the House of Toys.
No one is allowed
outside late at night!
Not even to go out
and buy a drink?
[TOY SOLDIER]
Everything's closed anyway.
Second rule.
Toys must not
enter human houses,
and humans are to
never enter a toy house!
That's crazy!
It looks like everyone's
friendly with each other.
So I don't get why there's
a law against it. Ugh.
But I guess
there's gotta be some
kind of distinction
between people and toys.
Though anywhere else,
that would go without saying.
I've only been
here a little while,
but, really, I've gotten
used to things here already.
What kind of toys
are you guys, though?
It's kinda confusing.
You have free will and can talk.
I mean whoever created you all
would have to be some sort of
genius like Doctor Vegapunk.
[ESTA shrieks]
[ESTA]
Somebody! Call the police!
[FRANKY]
What's goin' on?
[ESTA]
Please! Let go of me!
[ESTA'S BOYFRIEND]
Esta! It's me!
It's got Humanitis!
This toy's broken!
Don't you recognize
my voice, Esta?
Why don't you remember
who I am? I'm not a toy!
Get away, you disgusting
little creep!
[MAN A] What's your issue?
You've never acted like this
around her!
Please, remember me,
Esta! [groans]
Get away from her, you freak!
[GUARD A]
You're comin' with us.
[ESTA'S BOYFRIEND grunts]
Dammit!
My Esta! How could you forget
your boyfriend so quick?!
I'm begging you, don't
hook up with that bastard!
You know who I am!
Let go of me!
[ESTA'S BOYFRIEND]
No! Don't!
[clang]
[ESTA'S BOYFRIEND] This is
absurd! Unhand me, you fiends!
I'm a human!
[ESTA'S BOYFRIEND screaming]
[ESTA]
What a nightmare!
[MAN A]
It's over now.
I still can't believe that
toy thought he was human.
[ESTA]
I know.
That was weird. What's the deal?
[MILO'S SON laughing]
Gimme a ride, Onepoko!
[MILO] Not a chance!
You're way too heavy for me!
Onepoko!
[MILO'S SON] No, I'm not!
Just one ride, come on!
[FRANKY]
Hm?
I'll have a word with him.
Don't worry about him.
He's a toy, just like us.
Well, half of me is.
Woo! Well, that's
good enough for me!
Tell him who you are.
I'm the father of
that boy over there.
That woman with him is my wife.
My name is Milo, not Onepoko.
[FRANKY]
Huh?
[TOY SOLDIER] Young man,
is your father around?
Nuh-uh! I never had one, sir!
[TOY SOLDIER]
May I ask if you have a husband?
[MILO'S WIFE] I don't.
You see, I never married.
Uh, is that so unusual?
[MILO'S SON]
Bye!
Hey, soldier.
What were you trying to prove
to me back there with the dog?
What's goin' on here?
Simple. This kingdom's divided.
A country filled
with the forgotten.
And those who forget them!
[FRANKY grunts]
Every toy you see was
at one point a human!
What?!
Someone came to our
island ten years ago...
...courtesy of Doflmaingo.
They turned us into toys
with their Devil Fruit power!
Wait! If you're
a toy that means...
Look!
We're approaching Flower Field!
I'll tell you everything
once we arrive!
[LUFFY grunts]
[CHIN JAO growls]
[CROWD cheers]
[GYATS] Although he's
enjoying his golden years,
that Eight-Impact Fist
is still as sharp as ever!
Chin Jao's fighting
spirit hasn't aged a day!
Gramps has been
fighting nonstop!
But his Haki hasn't weakened
once this entire match!
The old man's too
stubborn to tire out!
I'm going to avenge my head
by using it to pummel you!
[LUFFY] Avenge your head?
What're you talking about?
[CHIN JAO] Feel free to
suffer before you die--
it's better that way!
Now Head-Arms!
Gum Gum... Balloon!
What?!
[CHIN JAO yells]
[GYATS] Lucy has managed
to deflect Chin Jao's attack!
[LUFFY grunts]
That was a close one.
[GYATS] Ah! But he's still
not down for the count!
You got lucky!
If I were still "Chin Jao
the Drill" like the old days,
you would have been struck dead
by my cranium, most assuredly!
He took my treasure.
Stole away my vast fortune!
But the worst thing
was stunting my strength!
And after waiting 30 years, I'll
finally have my peace of mind!
[yells]
[LUFFY grunts]
[LUFFY]
Like I already told you,
if you gotta problem
with my grandpa...
[MAN B gasps]
[GYATS gasps]
...leave me out of it!
[CROWD cheers]
[GYATS]
Did it work this time?
Did Lucy knock him out?
Chin Jao isn't moving!
This could be it!
[CHIN JAO grunts]
[gasps]
[GYATS]
N-No! He's still in the match!
The battle continues!
[CHIN JAO groans]
Straw Hat!
Let's finish this!
[CHIN JAO yells]
[GYATS gasps]
What the hell?!
[GYATS]
Unbelievable!
Is this some sort of
new fighting stance?
Doesn't seem very
practical, I must say!
[LUFFY grunts]
[CHIN JAO]
Hasshoken! Head-Arms Spin!
Finish him off, Grandpa!
Do it in the name of
Hasshoken! He's done for!
We believe in you, Grandpa!
[CHIN JAO]
Vengeance will be mine!
I'd like to see you
try to stop this attack!
I don't think I'm ever gonna
get why you're so mad at Gramps.
But that ain't gonna
stop me from winning this!
Here I come!
Gum-Gum... Gatling!
[GYATS]
This could be it!
The final test of strength
between the only
remaining fighters.
Which one will go all the way...
[LUFFY yells]
[GYATS]
...and win Block C?
[LAW panting]
Run as much as you like,
you're just delaying
the inevitable, Law.
Do you think one of your
friends is going to save you?
[LAW groans]
[TRANSPONDER SNAIL ringing]
Come on, pick up!
Nami! What happened?
[grunts]
[LAW groans]
[DOFLAMINGO chuckles]
No mercy for the wicked!
[FUJITORA] It'd be quicker
if I wasn't all thumbs.
[TRANSPONDER SNAIL ringing]
[LAW panting]
[ringing]
What're you waiting for, Nami?
You were attacked,
weren't you? [gasps]
[DWARVES scream]
[YOUNG DWARF A ]
It's Usoland's Haki!
[DWARF A]
He truly is a legend!
[LEO grunting]
We need tension rods to keep all
the shelves from falling down.
Say, Leo. You should
get going soon.
Do you need a lunch?
Thanks, Grandma, but I'm sure
there'll be something to
eat over at headquarters.
[GRABBA]
If you're sure.
[LEO yelps]
Careful!
I know! I'm gonna sew
everything that might fall over!
There! Safety's been restored!
[GRABBA] Boy, that Usoland
sure is something, isn't he?
So much power he can
shake the entire kingdom
only using that
strange ole' Haki.
That's right!
'Cause Usoland's a hero
straight outta the legends!
Oh, and by the way, Leo.
I know I look old,
but I'm not gonna topple over.
[DWARVES chattering]
So this is Tontatta Kingdom.
What kind of
relationship do you think
these guys have with the
Warlord Doflamingo anyway?
No clue. But I know they're
dead serious about fighting him.
[USOPP gasps]
Hey there, Usoland and Robiland!
Have you two gotten
enough to eat?
[USOPP grunts] Oh, yeah,
I totally pigged out.
Um.
That is, I'm full
and ready for action!
[LEO yelps]
[USOPP chuckles]
See, what did I tell ya?
My body's trembling
with so much excitement
it's making the earth
shake all around us!
[DWARVES cheer]
[YOUNG DWARF A ]
How awesome is that?
[DWARF A]
His power is off the charts!
[gasps]
One question, Leo.
Your people keep mentioning
some "final battle"
involving yours truly.
But... what reason do you
wanna fight Doflamingo?
Huh?
[DWARVES laughing]
Not just a hero,
but a comedian, too!
It's because we wanna rescue
500 of our closest friends!
Over at the secret
factory in Dressrosa
where they're being
enslaved, of course!
What?! Did you say a factory?
You mean the one Luffy and
the others want to destroy?
Hey, wait a minute.
The same one that's
producing SMILE?
Huh?
I don't know what they're being
forced to manufacture there.
But they've imprisoned
an important Tontatta:
Our obnoxious, selfish,
fickle, despicable,
mean-spirited Princess Mancherie
is being held inside that plant.
So we've gotta hurry!
Yeah? The way you describe her
makes her sound kind of awful.
Oh, she is!
But she's still one of us!
And Noland himself would
rescue anyone who needed saving,
wouldn't he?
[USOPP]
What?! Uh, right...
That's totally what
a real hero would do!
I mean I am his
descendant after all!
[DWARVES cheer]
[YOUNG DWARF A] Let's hear
it for our legendary hero!
[FLAPPER panting]
Leo!
Flapper!
[FLAPPER panting]
[LEO]
Do you have important news?
You bet!
I heard the Don Quixote family
is leaving the palace!
[LEO grunts]
[FLAPPER]
Probably beneath the Coliseum!
[DWARVES gasp]
[FLAPPER] The Yellow Kabus
and Bian's Pink Bees
are ready to fly anytime!
Understood!
[USOPP grunts]
Let's move out,
Usoland and Robiland!
Huh?!
[LEO] Are the rest of you
Tontatta's ready to go?
[DWARVES]
Yeah!
We've got nothing
to worry about!
Not with the legendary
hero, Usoland, beside us!
He's the strongest ally
we could ever hope
to have in our struggle!
This is isn't
a miracle! It's destiny!
[USOPP]
Eh?
We'll win today's battle
and rescue every one
of our missing friends!
--[DWARVES cheering]
--[USOPP gasps]
Our fight is in Dressrosa!
Beneath the Colosseum!
Inside the factory!
Everyone!
Go!
[DWARVES]
Yeah!
[NARRATOR] As thrilling battles
unfold in every direction.
Usopp and Robin accompany
the Little People of Tontatta
in their mission to
destroy the evil factory.
Now, after four centuries,
the world will experience the
tale of a brand-new hero,
the incredible Usoland!
[LUFFY]
On the next One Piece!
"Making a Sortie!
The Legendary Hero Usoland!"
I'm gonna be
King of the Pirates!